>> Josh Long: Now I mentioned earlier
that we have a separate table called dog.
And you know, I want to map that dog.
It's a one to many relationship there.
Right?
So set of dog, dogs, record dog.
Hey, come back.
Record dog, entity, string name,
string owner, string description.
Okay.
And then I'm going to make a set.
Okay, there's my updated code.
I have no dogs though.
Right.
So let's go back and create yet
another migration.
V3 Prancer and Peanut.
Okay, so insert.
And by the way, insert into dog.
Do we know what the ID is for person?
Surely it's one.
Yeah.
Okay, it's one.
So we go back to this.
Insert into dog.
Name, person,
description, values.
Prancer.
Okay, Prancer.
bbb The person is one and
the description is.
Where's my guy, Prancer?
He is a.
Okay, so he is a neurotic man hating
animal, hating children, hating dog.
That looks like a gremlin.
Okay, there we go.
That's Prancer.
And then we'll have Peanut.
Okay, Peanut,
the worst.
Okay, there we go.
So there's my two dogs.
Let's go ahead and now restart this.
Okay, so now if I go over here,
I've got person.
Great.
Two dogs, great.
No owners.
Very surprising.
Okay, nobody could have seen this coming.
But if I go down here and I print out the
person, I do the find all and I'm doing.
It's now mapped 1 to n, right?.
So if I look at the results there
dogs says dog one and then dog two.
So it's automatically figured
out that relationship for me,
which I think is pretty nice.
This is a very concise way.
Okay, so I've got spring data,
I've got 1 to n relationships,
I've got schema migrations,
I think we're doing pretty good.